1288739863
AddAttachmentAvatarToUser	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018025008_add_attachment_avatar_to_user.rb	class AddAttachmentAvatarToUser 
AddGifToService	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101020025559_add_gif_to_service.rb	class AddGifToService 
AddNameToUser	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016201325_add_name_to_user.rb	class AddNameToUser 
AddRoleToUser	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018022220_add_role_to_user.rb	class AddRoleToUser 
Application	/var/www/myhoame/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper 
BrowsingTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
ChangeHomeUserColumn	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015212110_change_home_user_column.rb	class ChangeHomeUserColumn 
CreateHomes	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015211546_create_homes.rb	class CreateHomes 
CreatePayments	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016033001_create_payments.rb	class CreatePayments 
CreateServices	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101019223332_create_services.rb	class CreateServices 
CreateUsers	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015210944_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
DashboardControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/dashboard_controller_test.rb	class DashboardControllerTest 
DashboardHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/dashboard_helper.rb	module DashboardHelper
DashboardHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/dashboard_helper_test.rb	class DashboardHelperTest 
DashboardsController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/dashboards_controller.rb	class DashboardsController 
DeviseCreateUsers	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016200311_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Home	/var/www/myhoame/app/models/home.rb	class Home 
HomeTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/home_test.rb	class HomeTest 
HomesController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	class HomesController 
HomesControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/homes_controller_test.rb	class HomesControllerTest 
HomesHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/homes_helper.rb	module HomesHelper
HomesHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/homes_helper_test.rb	class HomesHelperTest 
Myhoame	/var/www/myhoame/config/application.rb	module Myhoame
PagesController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
Payment	/var/www/myhoame/app/models/payment.rb	class Payment 
PaymentTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/payment_test.rb	class PaymentTest 
PaymentsController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	class PaymentsController 
PaymentsControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/payments_controller_test.rb	class PaymentsControllerTest 
PaymentsHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/payments_helper.rb	module PaymentsHelper
PaymentsHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/payments_helper_test.rb	class PaymentsHelperTest 
Service	/var/www/myhoame/app/models/service.rb	class Service 
ServiceTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/service_test.rb	class ServiceTest 
ServicesController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	class ServicesController 
ServicesControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/services_controller_test.rb	class ServicesControllerTest 
ServicesHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/services_helper.rb	module ServicesHelper
ServicesHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/services_helper_test.rb	class ServicesHelperTest 
TestCase	/var/www/myhoame/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/var/www/myhoame/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/var/www/myhoame/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper 
UsersHelperTest	/var/www/myhoame/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
about	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
after_sign_in_path_for	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def after_sign_in_path_for
contact	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
create	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def create
create	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def create
create	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015210944_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015211546_create_homes.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015212110_change_home_user_column.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016033001_create_payments.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016200311_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016201325_add_name_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018022220_add_role_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018025008_add_attachment_avatar_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101019223332_create_services.rb	  def self.down
down	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101020025559_add_gif_to_service.rb	  def self.down
edit	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
emergency	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def emergency
home	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def index
index	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def index
index	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
layout_by_resource	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def layout_by_resource
new	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def new
new	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def new
new	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/dashboards_controller.rb	def show
show	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def show
show	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def show
show	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
stored_location_for	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def stored_location_for
test_homepage	/var/www/myhoame/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015210944_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015211546_create_homes.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101015212110_change_home_user_column.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016033001_create_payments.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016200311_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101016201325_add_name_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018022220_add_role_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101018025008_add_attachment_avatar_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101019223332_create_services.rb	  def self.up
up	/var/www/myhoame/db/migrate/20101020025559_add_gif_to_service.rb	  def self.up
update	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/homes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def update
update	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def update
update	/var/www/myhoame/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
